so when it comes to of services in and around the base for I'm I don't
know maybe barber shops laundry services there's always something available
every command or every of naval station has like a mix of many
necks and that typically has a number of restaurants a barber shop
a dry cleaners for uniforms a grocery store commissaires somewhere
for you to go shopping and just think about it you're not the first
person to obtain a commission and you know the station and into the
station so the community typically responds to the military where
they're soft and along the lines of a army base and naval station even
like a school house or something like that so outside of bass and
around base you can basically find all the things that you you need
to you know to me to bait the basic human needs are you barber shops
or grocery stores your barn grills on your restaurant so there's always
somewhere you know for you to find what you need you just have
to be willing to step outside of bass and ride around ask questions
you know talk to people and typically your shipmates senior sailors
who already had a process down you just got to ask him to know where
to go and who to go see to get what you pay